Grandpa
What's up
Can you give me that carry-on jade pendant when I was a child?
You almost lost it
I'll keep it for you.
Now that you're by my side, there's no danger
What's the use of him
I want to give it to Ye Xuan
You want to give it to Ye Xuan
Well, Ye Xuan is more susceptible to danger than me
Although I haven't figured out how to talk to him yet
You can just say you can give yourself to him.
You can't hum
How long has he been here?
Are you using such a precious thing?
Why don't I see you filial piety and filial piety to your grandfather and me?
You white-eyed wolf, how about you?
Hey, by the way, and that mushroom.
You white-eyed wolf
White-eyed wolf I am not a wolf
White-eyed snake, okay?